my name is Nina and I'm 16 years old and
I live in sweden stockholm I'm half
Scottish but you can't hear it I don't
have the accent I'm a blogger and a
dancer I love fashion to describe my
style I use like three words and it's
simple clean yet trendy
right now it's probably lipstick and you
can wear like a black and white outfit
and still have like a red lipstick and
it does so much for your outfit i have
like lipsticks in all colors and pink
hot pink orange and black but i don't
wear it like too much email but yeah
jeffrey campbell shoes & lybrand that I
play back now ok now it's a Swedish
brand and the really famous in it but
it's very expensive so if you don't have
much money like me I i bought the
instead of the jeffrey campbell shoes i
bought the other shoes from nelly calm
that i'm wearing in the video well my
blog and it's mostly about fashion and
dreams and
traveling just everything what I do in
my day sand yeah school but that's not
important that's not a big thing in my
blog well yeah check it out please okay
this nina i'm a lil dr SE i blog there
with my best friend that's why I called
now I'm an attorney oh yeah
my favorite store in Sweden is probably
Nelly com or you can order clothes from
the into
and I got most of my clothes from there
is an international like em people from
England bags probably not I think it's a
sweet thing Naomi hunting and yeah and
my favorite Scottish store or at British
as probably Primark because it's it's
not expensive it can afford everything
and but the quality is not great I guess
my inspiration comes from magazines
blogs music mostly series because i
watch all the girl series i watch 90210
Gossip Girl Vampire Diaries you name it
thank you for watching this and please
subscribe stephanie hear you but I ruin
it and please read my blog and have lead
SC